# IslandJS -- Second Meeting
**3/29/2015**

## Roll Call

* Andrew Waterman
* Ryan Layne

## Notes

* Web Site
    * Discussed web site implementation.
    * Demoed current HTML along with Survey form.
    * Need a copy up by end of coming weekend
    * Ryan will put together a location page for the website
    * Andrew will push up current version of website and survey-maker to team page


* Discussed first Nodeschool
    * Andrew and Ryan will be proctors.
    * Get support from Seattle JS/Seattle Node JS community for a speaker
    * Have backup NPM cache <https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm-offline>
    * Have local (unlinked) Wifi network
        * Copy of nodeschool packages and dependencies
    * Perhaps share an LTE connection, so spotty, but possible to populate the
    cache as packages come up.
    * Dates:
      * Aiming for an early June, Saturday Nodeschool
      * Will catch up on Wednesday, 4/1, we need a meeting space easy to reach from the ferry:
        * Ideas
          * <http://www.bisd303.org/cms/lib3/WA01001636/Centricity/ModuleInstance/575/Exhibit%20B%206113%20Community%20Use%20of%20School%20Facilities%20Categories%20Fees%2012%2011%2008.pdf>
          * <http://www.bainbridgechamber.com/pdfs/Meeting%20Facility%20Resources2013.pdf>
          * <http://www.biartmuseum.org/rentals/event-spaces/>
